reflections.md, before:

# Weekend
- [x] What did you achieve over the weekend?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?
1. RESPONSE
I made a general outline of my game with a summary of how it plays, potential changes to game depending on some technical issues, and a picture/diagram as a visual.
2. RESPONSE
My goals for today is to code out the layout and some of its functions.
3. RESPONSE
My main blocker would be whether or not I can google well enough to implement the harder ideas. The general basic structure consists mainly of code we learned in class so that should be fine.

# Monday
- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?
1. RESPONSE
2. RESPONSE
3. RESPONSE

# Tuesday
- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?
1. RESPONSE
2. RESPONSE
3. RESPONSE

# Wednesday
- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?
1. RESPONSE
2. RESPONSE
3. RESPONSE

# Thursday
- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?
1. RESPONSE
2. RESPONSE
3. RESPONSE

# Friday
- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?
1. RESPONSE
2. RESPONSE
3. RESPONSE

Commit message:

Cleaned up the AI and spawn functions. Finished the transitions between levels

reflections.md, after:

# Weekend
- [x] What did you achieve over the weekend?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?
1. RESPONSE
I made a general outline of my game with a summary of how it plays, potential changes to game depending on some technical issues, and a picture/diagram as a visual.
2. RESPONSE
My goals for today is to code out the layout and some of its functions.
3. RESPONSE
My main blocker would be whether or not I can google well enough to implement the harder ideas. The general basic structure consists mainly of code we learned in class so that should be fine.

# Monday
- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?
1. RESPONSE
I made a outline of my game with the proposal during the weekened.
2. RESPONSE
My goal is to make the start screen and tweak some of the css properties.
3. RESPONSE
A minor blocker I had was figuring out the colors I wanted to use to complement each other as well as how to go back designing and coding the layout of my start screen.
# Tuesday
- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?
1. RESPONSE
I made the start screen.
2. RESPONSE
My goal is to figure out the transitioning between start screen and the game as well as between levels.
3. RESPONSE
The blocker for the day would be googling how I want to transition and if I can learn how to code it.
# Wednesday
- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?
1. RESPONSE
I did a simple transition between the start screen and the game. Afterwards, I started fiddling around with the AI settings and player character.
2. RESPONSE
My goal today is to at least finish the AI and hopefully start working on how to go between the different levels in the game.
3. RESPONSE
I will have to transition my npc and player into a class, so hopefully I can work around it for the rest of my code.
# Thursday
- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?
1. RESPONSE
2. RESPONSE
3. RESPONSE

# Friday
- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?
1. RESPONSE
2. RESPONSE
3. RESPONSE
